hi I don't know if you guys like vanessa
hudgens hair as much as I do I'm
definitely a big fan of hers and I'm
definitely her hair it's always so cute
it always looks so healthy and full and
just normally full of curls I'm loose or
tight it just always looks so cute so
I'm going to kind of show you what I do
to my hair to kind of make give it that
Vanessa Hudgens look I guess because
she's definitely one of my favorite
actresses normally I will take a smaller
curling iron you can do a bigger one or
even a smaller one than this but this
one's just the preference i use its kind
of right in the middle for me i usually
just take pieces of hair after I pulled
most of my hair back just leaving a
little bit of the bat to start with and
just kind of choral pieces I know I'm I
don't curl every single piece of hair
because her stuff that would take so
long because I have a lot of hair so if
you kind of want more of a natural light
if your hair is if you're lucky to have
a little bit natural like I do um you
know just kind of pick pieces here and
there you don't have to do every single
strand but if you do have straight hair
and you probably are going to want to go
through and curl every piece of hair um
I normally just kind of like I said go
through and just pick pieces here and
there and make oh I normally don't touch
the ends as much just because I don't
want you know my hair to get too damaged
on the ends gets splint or anything like
that so I'm one thing I would recommend
to you if you are going to do this a lot
to your hair like I do um use this
Trezza me this trazim a heat tamer spray
it is wonderful and if you just kind of
spray just like a tiny bit throughout
your hair before you I'm straighten it
with a straightening iron ore with a
culinary it actually just kind of
protects the hair and helps it to not
get so damaged because it provides some
type of protective layer on your hair
and the ends just it it feels like the
ends are so much softer to once you
use it so on once I've kind of gone
through and done a few pieces i will let
a little bit more hair down and I mean
this process can take anywhere from I
guess 10 to 30 minutes i guess depend on
how much you hair you have depend on on
the texture of your hair and depending
on you know if you want the curls on
every strand or if you're just kind of
doing it throughout your hair randomly
just pick and strands here and there
which is it what I kind of do because I
think it looks a little more natural if
not all your hair is like perfect curls
you know you just kind of have wavy and
curly and it just it definitely reminds
me so much of sin if I had to start when
I do that so I just typically like I
said take little bits of pieces here and
there curl in them where I feel like
they need to be curled and then I just
pin the rest of the hair back up on top
of my head so that I can get most of my
hair and like i said i'm doing it kind
of a quick job just because i want you
just to get the kind of gist of it it
doesn't have to be perfect but i guess
if you want to spend a little more time
you know going through each section
you're going to get probably a little
more the look that you want
and vanessa hudgens it looks like her
hair is pretty think my hair is really
sick too and like I said my hair has
like a natural curl to it so typically
when I get out of shower I just put a
little bit of leave in conditioner in my
hair and let it air dry and that's
actually works so well for me and it's
you know I was able to grow my hair out
a lot longer because I didn't damage to
end so much because blow drying your
hair and curling or straightening it is
just so much heat damage on your hair so
if you can eliminate some of that
sometimes it's definitely going to help
you to um you know grow your hair out if
that's what you're trying to do or just
keep it a little more healthy you know
and I've made like what in my hair air
dry I mean it's so nice you know I don't
have to sit there and use the blow dryer
and you know get all hot especially in
the summertime and it's nice to when you
get out of the pool you know you're kind
of used to it you don't have to worry
about rushing to a blow dryer and try
and get your hair all dry I mean you
just kind of let it air dry in do with
something and then if you want to add
some more curls like this with it
curling iron later on you can I've been
parting my hair to side because I
definitely like the side bangs like
Vanessa Hudgens has I think it's just
adorable I mean I think it's I love it
so much
like I said if you notice how I normally
don't touch the ends I let just a little
tiny bit of hair um out of it curling
air so that it's not touched because it
just you know helps you to not damage
your ancestors prey like the Tresemme
that i use and it looks like i'm just
about done I mean I can I kind of just
went through you know sporadically do my
hair and just kind of added some curls
and you know it just definitely has a
vanessa hudgens look to it um I know
sometimes she kind of has like you'd see
this going on and I always like to add
sometimes like a little bow to kind of
pull some my hair back I think it's just
so cute and dependent on my outfit you
have you know but it just it kind of
adds something you know and its really
Grilli but not too much the bow is still
pretty tiny and it and it does hold have
a purpose if it's windy it kind of keeps
your hair out of your face a little bit
and one more thing that I do use that
you might actually love it stress may
also it's called no frizz ultra light
shine spray and this step can get it for
about four dollars for the bottle and
just spray tiny bit and it just adds a
tiny bit of shine to your hair and I
mean it looks that much more healthy and
another thing that vanessa hudgens hair
is always looking just shiny and healthy
and so that's normally what I do with my
hair I mean it doesn't take that long
like I said if you have straight hair
it's probably take you a little bit
longer to achieve this look and my hair
holds curl pretty well it's pretty thick
but you might want to try TPM I guess
use a tiny bit of hairspray on the ends
if you have really straight hair and it
does a whole curl very well that's what
I would try um so good luck to all of
you of you know trying to achieve the
vanessa hudgens style she's very cute
and edgy and stylish and that's always
what I try to be so thanks for watching